Banner options from AMP administration (#4)
68publishers/amp-client-js: docs/integration-guide.md

AMPClient.fetch();
```

### Banner options

Banners can contain options, which is practically a key-value object with arbitrary data.
Options are accessible from event handlers and some of them have functionality tied to them.
Options that are automatically handled by the client are for example `loading`, or `fetchpriority`.

There are several ways to pass options to banners.

1. Using the fourth argument of the method `createBanner()`.
2. Using data attributes with prefix `data-amp-option-`.
3. By setting them on the position detail page in the AMP administration.

> Options passed directly through the client ( variants 1 and 2) have a higher priority than options set in the AMP administration ( variant 3).

Reviewer: I'd reverse the priority here, let the highest priority
1. AMP, followed by 
2. `createBanner()` and
3. `data-amp-option-*`

For the reason that editing in AMP is much easier than editing on the front-end. 2 and 3 priority are discussable.

Author: Done, priorities swaped, options from the AMP have higher priority than options on the client side.
There is no need to discuss priorities between 2 and 3 because banners can be created via method `createBanner()` OR via data attributes (so options can be passed as the method argument or via data attributes, not both at the same time).

Reviewer: OK. What happens when a position is created via `createBanner()` and data attributes? Just for sure.

Author: When I look into it:

UC 1) Calling `createBanner(), missing data attribute `data-amp-banner`

```html
<div id="banner1" data-amp-option-test="1"></div>
<script>
    AMPClient.createBanner('#banner1', 'homepage.top');

    AMPClient.attachBanners();
    AMPClient.fetch();
</script>
```

The `data-amp-banner` attribute is missing, so the banner is created by the `createBanner()` method and has no options, because banners created by `createBanner()` do not read data attributes.

UC 2) Calling `createBanner()`, existing attribute `data-amp-banner`.

```html
<div id="banner1" data-amp-banner="homepage.top" data-amp-option-test="1"></div>
<script>
    AMPClient.createBanner('#banner1', 'homepage.top');
    AMPClient.attachBanners();
    AMPClient.fetch();
</script>
```

Banner is again created manually by the method `createBanner()` without options. The banner is not created again inside the `attachBanners()` method because already attached banner has data attribute `data-amp-attached` and there is a filter on the data attribute https://github.com/68publishers/amp-client-js/blob/b04ac77199fdff38ab13963d7ec96ff62c9d23ea/src/client/standard/client.mjs#L165

So the result is the same as in the UC 1.

UC 3) Calling `createBanner()` after the banner has been attached by `attachBanners()`

```html
<div id="banner1" data-amp-banner="homepage.top" data-amp-option-test="1"></div>
<script>
    AMPClient.attachBanners();
    AMPClient.createBanner('#banner1', 'homepage.top');
    AMPClient.fetch();
</script>
```

There is no check on the `data-amp-attached` attribute existence so the banner is attached twice (first time via data attributes with option `test=1`, second time via method `createBanner()` without options).
An error is thrown inside the `fetch()` method during URL construction because there are "two" banners with the same position code - 

```
Error: Position "homepage.top" already exists.
    at Request.addPosition (request.mjs:89:15)
    at Client.fetch (client.mjs:283:19)
    at (index):244:19
```

AMPClient.fetch();
```

### Banner options

Banners can contain options, which is practically a key-value object with arbitrary data.
Options are accessible from event handlers and some of them have functionality tied to them.
Options that are automatically handled by the client are for example `loading`, or `fetchpriority`.

There are several ways to pass options to banners.

1. Using the fourth argument of the method `createBanner()`.
2. Using data attributes with prefix `data-amp-option-`.
3. By setting them on the position detail page in the AMP administration.

Options defined in the AMP administration (variant 3) have a higher priority than options passed directly through the client (variants 1 and 2).

#### Expressions in options

> In the case of `multiple` positions, it is sometimes desirable to apply options to only some of the banners (.eg. `loading` or `fetchpriority` options).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of `multiple` positions, it is sometimes desirable to apply options to only some of the banners (e.g. `loading` or `fetchpriority` options).
```

Author: Fixed
